I didn’t identify myself
as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
because I was scared of what kids
at school would say about me.
Peer pressure is probably the worst challenge
because you don’t just get
peer pressure from friends,
but you also get it from your teachers.
Some of my friends
who joined this new Christian group
started spreading false rumors
about Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Many of them said we were led
by some unknown leader at the top.
At first, I wanted
to stand up and say, “Well, that’s not true!”
However,
I started to become fearful.
I was hanging out with the wrong crowd,
and girls invited me to go play
in the park after school.
Something kind of told me
that I shouldn’t have gone with them,
but I still went.
Out of nowhere, I see two young men come,
and they tried to steal our backpacks.
They started arguing with the boys in our group,
and they started fighting too.
The police came,
and when I saw the police,
I thought I was going to get into a lot of trouble,
so I just ran away.
One time, the teacher at school was mocking
all religions saying: “The Bible is outdated,”
and “How can you know that God exists?
“People have rewritten it so many times.
How can you know it’s the truth?”
And I remember thinking to myself,
‘I should say something.’
I did this the night before, ‘I should say something.’
And then my friend next to me said,
“Bianca is a Jehovah’s Witness.”
The teacher looked at me wide-eyed
and said, “Do you have anything to say?”
And I just stood there.
I didn’t know what to say, and then the bell rang,
and I was just relieved.
I felt how I imagine
Peter would have felt.
My conscience kept bothering me,
and I knew that Jehovah
didn’t approve of my association.
The fact that I had to open my mouth
and kind of prove myself
made me just cramp up inside,
and I felt very disappointed in myself.
I said a prayer to Jehovah,
and I asked him to give me courage
to stand up and say
that I was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I remember a brother who gave a talk once,
and he cited from the words
of Mark 8:38, where it says
that we shouldn’t be ashamed of following Jesus
because he would be ashamed of us.
Those words really touched my heart,
and I knew that I had to make changes soon.
After I had considered the example of Jesus,
I prayed to Jehovah
for courage and also for another opportunity
to defend his name.
Talking to Mum was probably the biggest help.
Her experience
and her knowledge kind of helped
to give me the courage to keep going.
Identifying myself as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
has served as a protection.
In biology class,
we were talking about the topic of blood,
and my teacher made the comment
that those JW people will let their kids die.
I said a really quick prayer to Jehovah
because I knew that was not the truth.
So I stood up, and I said,
“We’re called Jehovah’s Witnesses,
and we don’t allow our kids to die.”
I was so happy after that moment.
I was able to give a witness
when my schoolmates started asking me
about what we really believe and practice.
I was able to give them
a much more accurate understanding
of how our organization functions.
Now that I’m able to stand firm in my beliefs,
I feel much better.
You’re doing it for Jehovah,
and you’re doing it for yourself.
You’re not doing it to make them happy;
you’re doing it to make Jehovah happy.
When I feel scared or afraid,
I say a quick prayer to Jehovah,
and he gives me the courage
to defend my faith and keep going.
I have gained the respect
and admiration of my schoolmates.
I’m not ashamed anymore of identifying myself
as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Now I’m proud to represent Jehovah.